Deorum Laqueus is a GURPS game universe.
"Snare of the gods".

sēmen, sēminis (neutrum)
vītis -is (fēminīnum) (vīs maga)

sīgnum -ī (neutrum) | sīgnum rēgia vītis

cīvis cīvis (masculīnum et fēminīnum)
cīvis gradiēns (singularis)
cīves gradientēs (pluralis)

receptrīx, receptrīcis (fēminīnum)

cīvis nova  (receptiō)    (sīgnum cīvis novae de rēgia vītis)
cīves novae (receptiōnēs)

cīvis minor               (sīgnum cīvis minōris de rēgia vītis)
cīves minōrēs

cīvis maior               (sīgnum cīvis maiōris de rēgia vītis)
cīves maiōrēs

senātrīx, senātrīcis (fēminīnum) (sīgnum senātrīcis de rēgia vītis)

rēgīnula -ae (fēminīnum) (sīgnum rēgīnulae antistitae de rēgia vītis) antistita -ae (fēminīnum)
rēgīna   -ae (fēminīnum) (sīgnum rēgīnae   antistitae de rēgia vītis)

rēgia -ae (fēminīnum) (rēgia vītis)

Joddie / Joddies (vīs mentis)
moderātrīx, moderātrīcis (fēminīnum) | moderātrīx cīvis (sīgnum moderātrīcis cīvis de rēgia vītis)
moderātor, moderātōris (masculīnum)  | moderātor socius (sīgnum moderātōris  sociī de rēgia vītis)

vīs f (irregular, genitive *vīs)
mēns mentis (i-stem) (fēminīnum)

agricola -ae (masculīnum) (sīgnum agricolae cīvis de rēgia vītis et
                           sīgnum agricolae sociī de rēgia vītis)


Rage levels

0 - Simmering. Noticable to all cīvis de rēgia vītis. Not contagious.
1 - Anger. Same as 0, but contagious. Grants 2 additional magery.
2 - Enraged. Same as 1, highly contagious. Grants 4 additional magery. Danger of insanity.
    More experienced mages (level 4 and up) in Rage 2 become beatified (no fear), but retain their humanity.
3 - Wrath. Same as 2, extremely contagious. Grant 6+ additional magery. Blighted soul, insanity.
    Lesser mages are at real risk of physical and magical self immolation (similar to niffening).
    Rage 3 opens up permanenty higer levels of magery quickly at the expense of the mage's humanity.
    Permanent: Volcanic buildup requiring excercising their wrath and power periodically.
    Cannot safely leave Regia as they require constant power from vitis or physically
    deteriorate and eventually die, even when not in rage -- Addictiion.
    Rage 3 is treated as an illness and anyone that suffers rage 3 is a victim.
    Joddies are permanently assigned to monitor and manage Rage 3 victims.
    Rage 3 mages become beatified (no fear) and suffer a god complex, where they percieve that
    nothing they do is wrong. Their humanity is gone while in Rage 3.
    Named «Blighted Ones». They are both feared and pitied.
    Joddie superimposed personas are usually applied to Blighted Ones to help
    the Blighted One keep a semblance of sanity when not in rage.

Rage level changes take place over seconds, minutes or hours. senātrīx or higher can endure
rage 2 and not become insane and never (or rarely ever unless the Vitis is on the verge of death)
go into rage 3.
